Update document: how upload file large than 128MB (#3791)
infiniflow/ragflow: docker/README.md

### MacOS

- `MACOS`  
  Optimizations for macOS. It is disabled by default. You can uncomment this line if your OS is macOS.

### Maximum file size

- `MAX_CONTENT_LENGTH`  

>   The maximum file size for each uploaded file, in bytes. You can uncomment this line if you wish to change the 128M file size limit. `client_max_body_size` in nginx/nginx.conf also need to updated correspondingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The maximum file size for each uploaded file, in bytes. You can uncomment this line if you wish to change the 128M file size limit.  Please also update `client_max_body_size` in nginx/nginx.conf correspondingly.
```
